README.md, before:

# BookShelf

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.1.5.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

Add readme description, reload favourites on new user and fix assertion error

README.md, after:

# BookShelf

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.1.5.

## Development server

To install node_modules

```bash
npm install
```

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing with Cypress, run:

```bash
npx cypress open
```

## BookShelf description

The aim of this web appliation is to add books to favourites. 

First you have to create an account to be able to see the books. 
If you have already an account you can use your credentials and explore the list of books.

The home page contains a table with list of books - you can Like the (add to favourites) or Dislike them (remove from favourites).
Clicking on the name of the book will redirect you to a detail page - a table with information and button to the favourites page.

From the favourites page you can see all liked book for this specific account.
